

This repository contains work in progress. It implements an automated data
pipeline for country-level surveillance of COVID-19 dynamics using publicly
available data. Its content should not be used for publications without explicit
agreement from the authors. The accuracy of the estimates provided in these
analyses is contingent on data quality and availability. Results presented here
do not represent the official view of the WHO, its staff or consultants.

Caution must be taken when interpreting all data presented, and differences
between information products published by WHO, national public health
authorities, and other sources using different inclusion criteria and different
data cut-off times are to be expected. While steps are taken to ensure accuracy
and reliability, all data are subject to continuous verification and change. All
counts are subject to variations in case detection, definitions, laboratory
testing, vaccination strategy, and reporting strategies. See
https://covid19.who.int/info/ for further background and other important
considerations surrounding the source data.

The designations employed and the presentation of these materials do not imply
the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of WHO concerning the legal
status of any country, territory or area or of its authorities, or concerning
the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries.

We seek to provide results for countries in all WHO regions (see inclusion
criteria below). For technical reasons (missing data, low incidence, model not
successfully fitting to the data), results may not be available for some
countries. Where this happens, the list of missing countries is indicated in the
relevant sections.
